TODO.rst, before:

Properties on parts and in stepzips

Format of anchors files (cf. below) and stepzips

complete project check

complete sample_projects migration

Pbs majeurs pour adoption
-------------------------

Scripting should be PythonOCC bases, with ccad as an option (avoid ccad limitations)

Ancres à 2 vecteurs (New anchors concept (normal + tangent))
  minimal : p, v1, v2
  extras : tolerance, dimension ...
  anchor files should be json, not flat text

Laisons méca = 10 liaisons élémentaires + liaison nulle + liaison complète

      Laison complète ou encastrement               tout                                        rien
      Liaison nulle ou libre                        rien                                        tout

    10 liaisons méca                                Liaisons                                    Libertés
      simples (6)
      -----------
      Liaison ponctuelle ou sphere/plan             Tz = 0                                      Tx, Ty, Rx, Ry, Rz
      Liaison linéaire rectiligne ou cylindre/plan  Tz = Z, Ry = M                              Tx, Ty, Rx, Rz
      Liaison linéaire annulaire ou sphère/cylindre Ty = 0, Tx = 0                              Tz, Rx, Ry, Rz          aka gouttière
      Liaison rotule, sphérique ou sphère/sphère    Tx = 0, Ty = 0, Tz = 0                      Rx, Ry, Rz                                          e.g. attache caravane
      Liaison pivot glissant ou cylindre/cylindre   Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Ry = 0, Rz = 0              Tx, Rx                  aka current anchor system   e.g. barre baby-foot
      Liaison appui plan ou plan/plan               Tz = 0, Rx = 0, Ry = 0                      Tx, Ty, Rz                                          e.g. tabouret à 3 pieds

      composées (4)
      -------------
      Laison pivot                                  Tx = 0, Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Rx = 0, Ry = 0      Rz                                                  e.g. pedale de velo
      Laison glissière                              Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Rx = 0, Ry = 0, Rz = 0      Tx                                                  e.g. queue d'aronde
      Liaison hélicoïdale                           x = u·θx, Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Ry = 0, Rz = 0    [u·θx, 0, 0, θx, 0, 0]                              e.g. ecrou et vis
      Liaison rotule à doigt                        Tx = 0, Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Rz = 0              Rx, Ry                                              e.g. joystick

Perfs / Caching

Joindre des assemblages entre eux -> exemple nested assemblies

Install facile

Projects hosting + visu + BOM etc ...

Todo Examples
-------------

Example with nested assemblies

really global assembly of Tabby as an example

include some parts (motor) in the car example that are created from python scripts

Appliquer nomenclature pieces et ancres aux exemples
  Prioritaire car impacte la documentation

  Nomenclature ancres suspensions
  Nomenclature ancres chassis

Core
----

-> lire transformations.py + doctests vers pytests

Apply correction for GetHandle() returns 0 on Linux to examples not using the display_3d() function of AssemblyGeometryNode (nodes.py)

Deplacement des anchors lors des déplacements dus au contraintes
  -> fonctions de transformation sur les nodes

-> Assemblies in assemblies in assemblies ...
      Document the code
      Clean
      More complex case -> rc car?
      ******** GeometryNode -> One class with multiple constructors

---- >  Naming of assemblies and nodes that are translatable in various languages

Notion of Assembly in ccad should disappear?

is it useful to keep the initial placement of nodes?
Appliquer nomenclature pieces et ancres aux exemples
  Prioritaire car impacte la documentation

  Nomenclature ancres suspensions
  Nomenclature ancres chassis

Misc
----

Packaging
  First, remove any dependency on aocutils or clean aocutils

Documentation
  10 minutes example

Not a priority
--------------
transformations.py cleanup

Commit message:

Properties, new part_data.json replaces anchors files, create AnchorablePart from stepzip and py scripts.

TODO.rst, after:

******** Properties on parts and in stepzips

******** Format of anchors files (cf. below) and stepzips

Create anchorable part
 ******** from *zip
 ******** from py script
  from library <- party must be revised

complete project check

complete sample_projects migration

should we add to a or to a+b?

Pbs majeurs pour adoption
-------------------------

Scripting should be PythonOCC based, with ccad as an option (avoid ccad limitations)

Ancres à 2 vecteurs (New anchors concept (normal + tangent))
  minimal : p, v1, v2
  extras : tolerance, dimension ...
  ******** anchor files should be json, not flat text

Laisons méca = 10 liaisons élémentaires + liaison nulle + liaison complète

      Laison complète ou encastrement               tout                                        rien
      Liaison nulle ou libre                        rien                                        tout

    10 liaisons méca                                Liaisons                                    Libertés
      simples (6)
      -----------
      Liaison ponctuelle ou sphere/plan             Tz = 0                                      Tx, Ty, Rx, Ry, Rz
      Liaison linéaire rectiligne ou cylindre/plan  Tz = Z, Ry = M                              Tx, Ty, Rx, Rz
      Liaison linéaire annulaire ou sphère/cylindre Ty = 0, Tx = 0                              Tz, Rx, Ry, Rz          aka gouttière
      Liaison rotule, sphérique ou sphère/sphère    Tx = 0, Ty = 0, Tz = 0                      Rx, Ry, Rz                                          e.g. attache caravane
      Liaison pivot glissant ou cylindre/cylindre   Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Ry = 0, Rz = 0              Tx, Rx                  aka current anchor system   e.g. barre baby-foot
      Liaison appui plan ou plan/plan               Tz = 0, Rx = 0, Ry = 0                      Tx, Ty, Rz                                          e.g. tabouret à 3 pieds

      composées (4)
      -------------
      Laison pivot                                  Tx = 0, Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Rx = 0, Ry = 0      Rz                                                  e.g. pedale de velo
      Laison glissière                              Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Rx = 0, Ry = 0, Rz = 0      Tx                                                  e.g. queue d'aronde
      Liaison hélicoïdale                           x = u·θx, Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Ry = 0, Rz = 0    [u·θx, 0, 0, θx, 0, 0]                              e.g. ecrou et vis
      Liaison rotule à doigt                        Tx = 0, Ty = 0, Tz = 0, Rz = 0              Rx, Ry                                              e.g. joystick

Perfs / Caching

**** Joindre des assemblages entre eux -> exemple nested assemblies

Install facile

Projects hosting + visu + BOM etc ...

Todo Examples
-------------

** Example with nested assemblies

really global assembly of Tabby as an example

include some parts (motor) in the car example that are created from python scripts

Appliquer nomenclature pieces et ancres aux exemples
  Prioritaire car impacte la documentation

  Nomenclature ancres suspensions
  Nomenclature ancres chassis

Core
----

-> lire transformations.py + doctests vers pytests

Apply correction for GetHandle() returns 0 on Linux to examples not using the display_3d() function of AssemblyGeometryNode (nodes.py)

Deplacement des anchors lors des déplacements dus au contraintes
  -> fonctions de transformation sur les nodes

-> Assemblies in assemblies in assemblies ...
      Document the code
      Clean
      More complex case -> rc car?
      ******** GeometryNode -> One class with multiple constructors

---- >  Naming of assemblies and nodes that are translatable in various languages

Notion of Assembly in ccad should disappear?

is it useful to keep the initial placement of nodes?
Appliquer nomenclature pieces et ancres aux exemples
  Prioritaire car impacte la documentation

  Nomenclature ancres suspensions
  Nomenclature ancres chassis

Misc
----

Packaging
  First, remove any dependency on aocutils or clean aocutils

Documentation
  10 minutes example

Not a priority
--------------
transformations.py cleanup
